June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 12:35 am IST - CHENNAI
A 27-year-old motorist was killed after he hit a truck on Rajiv Gandhi Salai on Saturday night. The Guindy Traffic Investigation police have arrested the 48-year-old truck driver for causing the accident.
A senior official of the City Traffic police said M. Shriraj Mohan Naik, a native of Uttarakhand, was working in a private software company and was residing in the PTC quarters of Thoraipakkam.
On Saturday night, Shriraj was returning home after meeting his friend in his two-wheeler on Rajiv Gandhi Salai when he hit a truck which was stationed near the Metrorail work site in Thoraipakkam. The victim was not wearing helmet and sustained head and body injuries and was killed on the spot.
Guindy Traffic police inspected and sent the body to Government Royapettah hospital for postmortem. Later the police arrested R. Bholaram, a native of Rajasthan, for unauthorisedly parking the truck on the junction for causing the accident.
Published- June 16, 2025 12:35 am IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.