June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:29 pm IST - New Delhi:
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has asked its subscribers to not depend on private agents for services related to their PF accounts. 
                                          | Photo Credit: Supreet Sapkal
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO)has asked its subscribers to not depend on private agents for services related to their PF accounts. The EPFO said in a release that it had observed that several cybercafe operators and fintech companies were charging EPFO members large sums of money for services that were officially free. “In many cases, these operators are simply using the EPFO’s online grievance portal, something any member can do on their own, free of cost, from the comfort of their homes,” the EPFO said, cautioning the subscribers against visiting or engaging with third-party companies or agents for EPFO-related services.
The EPFO warned that such actions may expose members’ financial data to third party entities. “These external entities are not authorised by the EPFO and may charge unnecessary fees or compromise the security of personal information of members,” the provident fund authority said. The EPFO added in its statement that it had taken a series of reforms to make services faster, transparent and user-friendly for all its stakeholders. “These initiatives are part of EPFO’s commitment to deliver hassle-free, secure and efficient services to all its stakeholders,” it said.
“The online facility provided for member profile correction has been simplified using Aadhaar authentication. The dependency on employer and EPFO for member profile correction has been done away with, in most of the cases. The online de-linking facility has enabled members to delink wrong member ID from their UAN and thus has resulted in reduction of grievances,” the EPFO claimed, adding that the requirement of uploading of the image of cheque leaf/attested bank passbook had been removed for speedy settlement of claims filed online and to reduce the rejection of claims.
The release said the EPFO had a robust grievance monitoring and redress system wherein the member grievances were registered on CPGRAMS or EPFiGMS portals and were monitored till their resolution in a time-bound manner. “A total of 16,01,202 grievances were received in EPFiGMS and 1,74,328 in CPGRAMS in FY 2024-25. Out of these, 98% of the grievances were redressed within timelines,” the EPFO said.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:29 pm IST
labour
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.