June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 08:40 pm IST - MYSURU
Deputy Commissioner Kumar inspecting the pharmacy at Mandya Institute of Medical Sciences in Mandya on Monday. 
                                          | Photo Credit: SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT
Deputy Commissioner Kumar on Monday directed officials of the Mandya Institute of Medical Sciences (MIMS) to ensure transparent and effective management of ‘Aarogya Dhama’, a facility constructed on the campus using Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) funds.
It provides affordable accommodation to caretakers of hospitalised patients.
Presiding over a review meeting in Mandya, Dr. Kumar said that M.P. Krishnakumar, Joint Director, Department of Food and Civil Supplies, has been appointed as the nodal officer for Aarogya Dhama. Darshan Kumar, Resident Medical Officer, will oversee day-to-day operations.
Caregivers wishing to stay at the facility will be charged a nominal fee of ₹30 a day. A computer-generated receipt must be issued based on the patient’s registration number. The fees collected will be credited to the user fund and utilised for maintenance and staff remuneration, he said.
Dr. Kumar instructed the staff members to install signboards at registration counters and to ensure that caretakers present the patient’s registration details, an identity proof and the hospital admission slip to avail themselves of the facility.
He stressed the need for cleanliness, display of caretaker guidelines, and regular maintenance.
He said shortcomings were highlighted during a recent visit by the Lokayukta and that corrective measures have been initiated. A compliance report will be submitted soon, he added.
Dr. Kumar directed MIMS Medical Superintendent Shivakumar to conduct surprise inspections during night shifts to ensure the presence and accountability of duty doctors and staff.
Following the meeting, the Deputy Commissioner inspected the OPD, pharmacy, and vehicle parking area. Over the alleged irregularities in parking fee collection that ₹10 was being collected instead of the approved ₹7 for eight hours, Dr. Kumar warned that the parking contract would be cancelled if computerised billing and proper fee protocols were not followed.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:39 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.