June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 07:54 pm IST - BENGALURU
“Accidents often result in severe blood loss, and tragically, many lives are lost simply due to the unavailability of blood at the critical moment,” said Dinesh Gundu Rao, Minister for Health and Family Welfare, on Monday, June 16.
Speaking at the inauguration of World Blood Donor Day 2025, organised at the Sheshadripuram College Auditorium, Mr. Rao emphasised the urgent need for public awareness and participation in blood donation drives.
The event was a collaborative effort by the Department of Health and Family Welfare, State Blood Transfusion Council, Bengaluru Urban District AIDS Control Unit, BBMP, and several organisations including Lions Club, Indian Red Cross Society, Swami Vivekananda Foundation, Rotary TTK, and Belagavi Blood Bank.
“A single act of voluntary blood donation can save multiple lives,” Mr. Rao stated. “Donating blood without expecting anything in return is one of the most noble and selfless act a person can perform. It not only helps those in dire need but also brings a deep sense of personal fulfillment,” he added.
Published- June 16, 2025 07:54 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.