June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 08:44 pm IST - HYDERABAD
Domestic workers staged a protest on the occasion of International Domestic Workers Day, in Hyderabad on Monday (June 16, 2025)
                                          | Photo Credit: BY ARRANGEMENT
On the occasion of International Domestic Workers Day observed on Monday (June 16) the National Platform of Domestic Workers (NPDW) has demanded that the Central government enact a comprehensive legislation for domestic workers.
An estimated number of about 30 million people are engaged in domestic work in the country, who form a critical part of the workforce in the informal sector. Around 80% of these workers are women drawn from the most vulnerable social and economic groups, as per a press release issued on Saturday (June 14).
Varghese Theckanath, member of NPDW national core team and Sister Lissy Joseph, Telangana convenor and others said that India has not adopted a legislation to protect the rights or welfare of domestic workers.
Citing a Supreme Court judgement dated January 29, 2025 which directed the Ministry of Labour and Employment in tandem with three other Ministries to jointly constitute a committee comprising subject experts to consider the desirability of recommending a legal framework for the benefit, protection, and regulation of the rights of domestic workers.
“It will be appreciated if the Committee submits a report within a period of six months, whereupon the Government of India may consider the necessity of introducing a legal framework which may effectively address the cause and concern of domestic workers,” as per the judgement.
NPDW members said that despite the directive, no substantial steps were taken by the Central Government to initiate the legislative process.
Domestic workers from four districts convened at the Dharna Chowk in Hyderabad on Monday (June 16) to voice their concerns and press for a mechanism to resolve them. Sister Lissy said that women raised issues like salaries withheld or withdrawn by contractors, unfair wages, atrocities faced, a lack of labour rights and social protection like health insurance. “If the Telangana government forms a welfare board, the domestic workers can lodge their grievances,” said Sister Lissy. There are over 11 lakh domestic workers in the State.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:44 pm IST
Telangana/Hyderabad/India
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.