June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 08:42 pm IST - KURNOOL
The forest officials on Monday shifted the leopard rescued from the outskirts of Adoni to Sri Venkateswara Zoological Park at Tirupati for better medical care.
The leopard was found near the Basannagutta forest area in Kosigi mandal on Sunday evening (June 15) by farmers who alerted the Adoni range forest officials.
Forest officials said that the leopard was growling with pain and was not moving by the time they reached the spot. It was tranquilised and shifted to Adoni forest office. A bone was stuck in the throat of the leopard and it was removed.
Officials said that the rescue team of Nagarjuna Sagar Tiger Reserve provided first aid and suggested that the wild cat be shifted to Tirupati zoo for better treatment. On the advice of the rescue team, the leopard was shifted to the zoo.
On the occasion, the forest officials asked people not to panic with the movement of leopards in human habitations and asked them to inform the forest officials if they notice any wild animal movement.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:42 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.