June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 08:37 pm IST - CHITTOOR
Police present the accused involved in theft of autos along with the recovered property, in Chittoor on Monday
The Chittoor urban police on Monday arrested two persons, natives of Tirupati, involved in multiple auto-rickshaw thefts across the district, and recovered three stolen autos and spare parts, worth about ₹11 lakh.
The police stepped up investigation after a series of thefts of motor vehicles under the One and Two town police stations under Chittoor corporation limits. Superintendent of Police V.N. Manikanta Chandolu and Deputy SP T. Sainath formed a special team led by Circle-Inspector Maheshwar to track down the culprits.
Acting on a tip-off, the team arrested Kondala Adinarayana (38) in the city, followed by the arrest of his accomplice Chinnangari Shanmugam (47) from Tirupati. The duo was sent for remand.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:37 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.