June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 15, 2025 10:30 pm IST - HYDERABAD
Two unidentified individuals, a man and a woman, swapped a genuine gold ring with a fake one at the Malabar Gold and Diamonds showroom in Panjagutta on May 31. The incident, which went unnoticed at the time, came to light during a recent audit conducted by the showroom staff.
Upon reviewing CCTV footage from the day of the incident, the management found that the duo had discreetly exchanged a 6-gram gold ring before leaving the premises. The matter was immediately reported to the Panjagutta Police. A case has been registered, and investigators are analysing CCTV footage around the store in an effort to identify and trace the duo.
Published- June 15, 2025 09:58 pm IST
Hyderabad/Telangana/theft & burglary
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.