June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 15, 2025 09:53 pm IST - HYDERABAD
A 20-year-old man was found dead at his flat in Narayanguda on Saturday. The body of Bikas Shashmal was discovered by his roommates late in the night on Saturday after they returned from work.
According to a complaint filed by one of the roommates, Tarun Kumar, Bikas had stayed back at home on his day off while the others went to work. “When they returned around 11:30 p.m., they found the door locked from the inside. After receiving no response, they looked through a window and saw Bikas unresponsive,” said an officer from the Narayanguda police, adding that a team was alerted and they forced the door open.
Preliminary examination revealed injuries on Bikas’s left forearm. Investigators later found that Bikas had uploaded a WhatsApp status in Odiya citing love failure. Police have registered a case and shifted the body for an autopsy at Gandhi Hospital.
(Roshini suicide prevention helpline number are: 8142020033/44 and 040 66202000/2001.)
Published- June 15, 2025 09:53 pm IST
Hyderabad/Telangana/death
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.