June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 15, 2025 11:53 pm IST - NEW DELHI
Data from the website shows that the Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner circled over the Strait of Dover multiple times before returning to London’s Heathrow Airport. File
                                          | Photo Credit: The Hindu
A London-Chennai flight of British Airways operated by a Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner aircraft returned to the airport of origin mid-flight due to a “technical issue”, the airline said.
Lufthansa’s Frankfurt-Hyderabad flightoperated on a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner also returned to the airport of origin mid-flight following a bomb threat.
“The aircraft returned to Heathrow as a standard precaution after reports of a technical issue,” British Airways said in a press statement.
“The flight landed safely with crew and customers disembarking as they normally would, and our teams are working hard to get their journeys back on track as soon as possible,” the statement added.
As per the data available withFlightradar24, flight BA35 took off from Heathrow Airport at 1.16 p.m. after a 36-minute delay.
Data from the website shows that the Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner circled over the Strait of Dover multiple times before returning to London’s Heathrow Airport.
In a separate incident, a Hyderabad-bound Lufthansa aircraft from Frankfurt returned to its base mid-flight following a bomb threat, prompting a full-scale security response.
The flight, LH 752, operated by a Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner, departed Frankfurt Airport around 6 p.m. According to flight tracking data, the aircraft had been airborne for nearly two hours and was flying over Bulgarian airspace when it made a U-turn and was diverted back to Frankfurt.
The aircraft had been scheduled to arrive at Hyderabad’s Rajiv Gandhi International Airport (RGIA) at approximately 1.20 a.m. on Monday (June 16, 2025).
“We checked with the airline and it has been confirmed that there was allegedly a bomb threat and that is why it was diverted,” an official at Hyderabad airport toldThe Hindu.
Published- June 15, 2025 11:53 pm IST
air and space accident/air transport
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.