June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:13 pm IST - KOCHI
The Ernakulam district administration on Monday (June 16, 2025) informed the Kerala High Court that restoration work on the Mullassery Canal was progressing, albeit with some delays.
The submission was made by Senior Government Pleader S. Kannan before Justice Devan Ramachandran when petitions seeking to prevent flooding in Kochi city came up for hearing. He said the delay was due to reasons beyond the control of the district administration.
The court observed that it was pleased to hear the inundation of the city had been under control over the past two days despite heavy rain. While this augured well for the city, the authorities must ensure that efforts to prevent flooding continue without any impediments.
Counsel for the Kochi Corporation submitted that desilting work in the city was nearing completion. Counsel for the Railways submitted that it had granted the Corporation permission to desilt 23 culverts under its control, of which the cleaning of 15 had been completed.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:13 pm IST
Kochi/Kerala/Monsoon/public works & infrastructure
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.