June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 08:54 pm IST - Shivamogga
Hosanagara tahsildar issued a notice on Monday to the production team of Kantara: The Legend – Part 1 in view of the media reports about a mishap during the shooting of the movie at the backwaters of Mani Dam in Hosanagara taluk.
The tahsildar asked the production team to submit details about the incident along with all relevant records within three days. The officer warned the production team that he would recommend senior officers cancel permission to shoot the film at the spot if it failed to respond within the stipulated time.
A part of the set used to shoot the movie in the backwaters collapsed during heavy rains on June 14. There were reports that many people, including Rishab Shetty, the director of the movie, were at the spot when the incident occurred. However, a production executive told reporters on Sunday that a set of a ship placed as a backdrop collapsed due to wind, and nobody was hurt in the incident.
The notice was issued as per the directions of Deputy Commissioner Gurudatta Hegde.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:54 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.