June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 07:11 pm IST - Nicosia
Prime Minister Narendra Modi being felicitated with Cyprus’ highest honour ‘Grand Cross of the Order of Makarios III’ by President Nikos Christodoulides, in Cyprus on June 16, 2025. Photo: X/@MEAIndia via PTI
Prime MinisterNarendra Modiwas on Monday (June 16, 2025) conferred with the Grand Cross of the Order of Makarios III of Cyprus, the country's highest civilian honour.
"Humbled to receive the 'Grand Cross of the Order of Makarios III' of Cyprus. I dedicate it to the friendship between our nations," the Prime Minister said after receiving the award.
Cyprus President Nikos Christodoulides conferred the award on the Prime Minister.
The Order of Makarios III is the senior order of knighthood awarded by the country named after the first President of Cyprus, Archbishop Makarios III.
Dedicating the award to the 1.4 billion people of India, Mr. Modi said it was an award to the trusted India-Cyprus friendship.
"I am confident that in the time to come, our active partnership will touch new heights. Together, we will not only strengthen the progress of our two nations but also contribute towards building a peaceful and secure world," the prime minister said.
"President @Christodulides conferred PM @narendramodi with the ‘Grand Cross of the Order of Makarios III’ of Cyprus. The honour reflects the enduring India–Cyprus bilateral partnership and shared commitment to work together for the common vision for peace, progress and prosperity," the Ministry of External Affairs posted on X.
Mr. Modi is in Cyprus on the first leg of histhree-nation tour.
From Cyprus, he will travel to Canada to attend the G7 summit, and then to Croatia.
Published- June 16, 2025 02:09 pm IST
India/India/Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.