June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 15, 2025 12:49 pm IST - MYSURU:
Representational image only. File
                                          | Photo Credit: The Hindu
A gold chain lost by a passenger during her train journey was recovered by the maintenance team of South Western Railways in Mysuru and handed over to the authorities for safe return to the owner.
A statement from the South Western Railways Mysuru Division on Sunday (June 15, 2025) said a passenger named Sangavi, who travelled by Train No. 16231 (Tiruchirappalli – KSR Bengaluru) on June 8, 2025, in Coach B1 complained through RailMadad that her gold chain was lost after a visit to the restroom, suspecting that it might have accidentally fallen into the toilet.
The complaint was registered under the category of Lost Property and followed up when the coach was detached at Mysuru after the journey for its primary maintenance schedule.
“Acting promptly on the complaint, the Maintenance Team, during the process of dismantling and cleaning the bio-toilet tank, recovered the lost gold chain. The retrieved item was immediately handed over to the Railway Protection Force (RPF) for necessary procedures and safe return to the rightful owner,” said the statement.
Pointing out that the case “demonstrates effective co-ordination and commitment of the staff and security personnel in ensuring the recovery and return of valuables and belongings that had been left or lost by the passengers,” the Divisional Commercial Manager of SWR, Mysuru Division, Girish Dharmaraj Kalagonda said passengers are encouraged to promptly report any loss or inconvenience through RailMadad, enabling timely response and assistance by the concerned teams.
Published- June 15, 2025 11:52 am IST
Karnataka/Mysore/bengaluru/Mangalore/crime/theft & burglary/police/indian railways/railway
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.