June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:11 pm IST - New Delhi
Kuki-Zo insurgent groups and Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) officials, in a meeting on Monday (June 16, 2025), reached an understanding on the relocation and closure of certain camps run by the groups in Manipur, a senior government official said.
Kuki-Zo insurgent groups and Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) officials, in a meeting on Monday (June 16, 2025), reached an understanding on the relocation and closure of certain camps run by the groups in Manipur, a senior government official said. The MHA stressed on recovery of looted weapons and the opening of the national highways, the official added.
Security agencies have proposed the closure of seven out of 14 existing camps, which are located close to Meitei-populated areas in the foothills.
The insurgent groups in the Suspensions of Operations (SoO) pact with the government resumed talks with the MHA on June 9, after a gap of two years.
The official said that no deadline was fixed for the extension of the SoO pact with the Kuki-Zo groups as it depended on adherence to ground rules and other conditions. The pact became ineffective on February 29, 2024, when the Manipur government pulled out from the tripartite agreement, MHA and SoO groups being the other two signatories.
After ethnic violence between the Kuki-Zo and Meitei people erupted in the State on May 3, 2023, former Chief Minister N. Biren Singh and several Meitei groups accused the armed insurgent groups of instigating the violence.
“Discussions on ground rules were held on Monday, and an agreement has been reached on certain key changes, which include closure of camps. Making highways fully operational was also stressed upon,” said the government official.
National Highways 2 and 37, which connect the land-locked Meitei-dominated Imphal valley to Nagaland and Assam, respectively, are critical for the supply of essentials and other commodities, pass through Kuki-Zo inhabited areas.
The official said that the next round of talks would be held after 15 days.
An SoO representative said that since the demands from pre-May 3, 2023, had changed, there was a need to revisit the ground rules of the SoO pact.
“We have also proposed certain plans to the MHA, which involve the security forces. The closure of camps is under discussion. When we signed the pact in 2008, a drill was followed to finalise the ground rules; the same process is being followed now,” the representative said.
Around 2,200 cadres of the SoO groups comprising United People’s Front (UPF) and the Kuki National Organisation (KNO)— umbrella organisations of 25 insurgent groups, live in 14 designated camps in the hill districts of Manipur. The cadres are entitled to a stipend of ₹6,000 per month, which has not been paid since the violence erupted.
The SoO agreement was signed in the wake of the Kuki-Naga clashes in the 1990s, when hundreds were killed. The insurgent groups demanded an independent land for the Kuki-Zo people.
Earlier, the groups had demanded autonomy for Kuki-Zo councils in Manipur. Post-May 2023, they have been demanding a Union Territory with a Legislative Assembly for the Kuki-Zo areas.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:11 pm IST
Manipur/national government
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.