June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 10:29 pm IST - Thiruvananthapuram
The SEWA-Union observed International Domestic Workers’ Day here on Monday with a rally demanding that comprehensive legislation for domestic workers.
The rally began from the Secretariat and ended at Martyrs’ Column, Palayam. A public meeting that followed was inaugurated by SEWA-Union secretary Sonia George.
It was pointed out at the meeting that labour laws at the Centre or in States did not formally recognise domestic workers as workers. Domestic workers were the most unorganised segment in the labour sector and the most exploited. Without any recognition as workers, they did not get any labour law protection. They were almost outside the ambit of the labour codes. The main reason for this was that private homes were not recognised as workplaces. It was also a fact that those responsible for framing laws were employers, a statement from SEWA-Union pointed out.
It was pointed out that that the National Platform of Domestic Workers had been engaged in initiatives that underlined that domestic work was one of dignity. However, the government had made little efforts in this regard. The State government had published the draft of the legislation for the welfare of domestic workers in 2024, but there had been no action on it. No funds were earmarked for the welfare of domestic workers either.
In the wake of a 2024 Supreme Court order to frame legislation urgently for domestic workers, the workers announced that they would stage strong protests to press their cause.
Published- June 16, 2025 10:29 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.