June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:13 pm IST - Thiruvananthapuram
Minister for General Education and Labour V. Sivankutty has urged the Union government to strengthen federal support for skilling ecosystems.
The Minister was taking part in the Kaushal Manthan regional workshop with southern States and Union Territories organised by the Union Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship in Hyderabad on Tuesday.
Mr. Sivankutty articulated Kerala’s commitment to advancing the national skilling agenda while calling for greater cooperative federalism and equitable central support at the meet, presided over by Union Minister for Skill Development and Entrepreneurship Jayant Chaudhary and attended by Ministers from southern States, a statement from the Minister’s office said.
The Minister sought continued support for the institutional framework created under the ‘SANKALP’ programme. He recommended structured incentives and national recognition frameworks to attract and retain talent in the training sector. The Union government was urged to put in place a system for recognising high-performing States in skill development and promoting cross-learning through knowledge exchange platforms.
The Minister requested the Union government’s assistance in fast-tracking the setting up of a national-level Institute for Metro and Rail Technology in Kochi, financial support for the Indian Institute of Foreign Languages in Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram for which MoUs have been signed, and support for positioning India as a global leader in AI skilling through the proposed centre of excellence in AI.
He expressed concern that in the past four years, Union government assistance to the State had been limited to PMKVY, SANKALP, PMNAPS and STRIVE schemes and called for equitable treatment of all States.
He proposed raising the Union government’s contribution in ITI hub-and-spoke schemes from 50% to 80%.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:13 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.