June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 08:55 pm IST - SRIKAKULAM
AP GST Officers and Employees Association Honorary President Chowdary Purushottam Naidu. 
                                          | Photo Credit: By Arrangement
AP GST officers and Employees Association’s State Honorary President Chowdary Purushottam Naidu said on Monday that Chief Commissioner A. Babu responded positively to the association’s concerns regarding the frequent transfers of staff in the department.
Accompanied by APNGOs Association State President A. Vidya Sagar and General Secretary D.V. Ramana, Mr. Chowdary submitted a detailed memorandum to Mr. Babu at his office in Amaravati.
They delegation highlighted that almost all officials and employees were being transferred frequently as their ‘station seniority’ was taken into consideration instead of their jurisdiction and responsibilities.
Mr. Chowdary explained that though many officers and staff operate from the same office, they are assigned for GST collection responsibilities to far off locations.
“Mr. Babu understood the issues raised by the association and assured to bring our grievances to the notice of the higher authorities to avoid frequent transfers,” said the  Association President, Allina Ramesh Kumar, Associate President, Rayi Venugopal, General Secretary, Chintala Kalyan.
Women wing representative, M. Rajya Lakshmi, hoped that the government would make necessary changes for the General Transfer Guidelines-2025 in accordance to the requirements of the GST department.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:55 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.