June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 09:57 pm IST - CHENNAI
Following the recent drive to clear a portion of encroachments in Kovilpadagai lake, the Water Resources Department has initiated a similar exercise in Vilinjiyambakkam lake.
In a step towards restoring long-neglected lakes in the city’s western fringes like Vilinjiyambakkam lake near Avadi, the Water Resources Department has started clearing encroachments. Residents have demanded that the long-pending lake rejuvenation be initiated to improve them as potential drinking water sources.
Following the recent drive to clear a portion of encroachments in Kovilpadagai lake, which has a larger storage capacity than Retteri, the department has initiated a similar exercise in Vilinjiyambakkam lake.
It has cleared nearly 36 encroachments, including commercial establishments and those occupied by tenants. The department has identified nearly 350 encroached structures in the lake and is removing encroached structures in a phased manner. The present drive is being carried out following the Madras High Court directive, officials said.
About 10,000 sq.ft. of land belonging to the lake has been retrieved. The lake, which falls under Cooum sub-basin, has remained abandoned without desilting or deepening efforts for several years now.
Residents noted that the lake that has localities like Sekkadu and Thiruverkadu in its periphery was vulnerable to release of sewage and encroachments. There has been a delay in restoring the lake despite demands for improving the source of groundwater recharge, they said.
T.Sadagopan, a resident of Pattabiram, said the rejuvenation of the lake would help resolve the long pending issue of sourcing drinking water for areas falling under Avadi Municipal Corporation. Several households are still waiting for water connections. With Avadi receiving intense rainfall during Northeast monsoon in recent years, it is important to restore the water bodies to reduce flooding in the localities.
Jothilakshmi Narayanaprasad, Zone 4 chairman, Avadi Municipal Corporation, said the civic body has sent a Rs.10 crore project proposal to Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure Financial Services Limited to develop the water body on the lines of Paruthipattu lake and eco-park. There are also plans to treat the water in Vilinjiyambakkam lake and convert it as a drinking water source.
The corporation would also have to address demands of residents in areas like VOC Nagar and Shanmugapuram who have sought rehabilitation. Officials of the WRD noted that further steps would be taken after peace talks with residents.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:46 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.