June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 10:40 pm IST - NEW DELHI
The Supreme Court Advocates-on-Record Association (SCAORA) on Monday (June 16, 2025) stated that the action of the Enforcement Directorate (ED) to issue a notice to senior advocate Arvind Datar in connection with a legal opinion rendered by him to a client in the course of his professional duties threatens the independence of the legal profession and misuse of authority.
“This action by the ED is not only unwarranted but reflects a disturbing trend of investigative overreach that undermines the very foundation of the rule of law,” the association said in its statement.
Mr. Datar, a senior member of the Bar, has consistently upheld the highest standards of professional conduct and legal ethics, it said.
“Independence of the judiciary and the independence of the Bar are twin pillars of constitutional democracy... When investigative agencies resort to coercive measures against advocates merely for giving legal opinions, they do not just target individuals — they strike at the institutional structure that ensures justice,” SCAORA added.
The ED notice to Mr. Data sends a “chilling message” to the entire legal community, it said.
Even though the summons against Mr. Datar has since been withdrawn, the association said it registers its strong protest against the move.
Published- June 16, 2025 10:40 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.