June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 15, 2025 08:28 pm IST - Shivamogga
Representational image only. File
                                          | Photo Credit: Special arrangement
Two wild elephants, including a calf, were found electrocuted in an estate near Guddabetta in Sakleshpur taluk, Hassan district,Karnataka, on Sunday (June 15, 2025.)The female elephant was aged around 25, and the female calf’s age was two.
The elephants reportedly came in contact with a snapped wire and died. It is suspected that the live wire was cut following heavy rains in the locality. Local forest officials and the police reached the spot and examined the scene.
Several elephants, spread over different groups, have been roaming in parts of Sakleshpur, Alur, Belur, and Arkalgud in Hassan district.
Incidents of human-elephant conflicts have been reported in the district often. Nearly 100 people died in elephant attacks in the district in the last 10 years. Similarly, many elephants too have died.
Sourabh Kumar, Deputy Conservator of Forests, Hassan, said that the elephants died after they came in contact with the live wire that had fallen on the ground.
“The wire was on the ground, as it had snapped after a tree fell on the electric line during heavy rains and strong winds. The post-mortem was conducted in the evening. Officers from the electricity supply company also visited the spot and gathered information,” he stated.
This was the fourth such incident in the last 18 months. Two such cases were reported in Sakleshpur and one in Arkalgud earlier.
“I am planning to hold a meeting with officers of all departments concerned on the issue and analyse the reasons for such incidents. We will discuss how such deaths can be avoided in the future,” he added.
Published- June 15, 2025 01:52 pm IST
animal/bengaluru/Mangalore/Mysore/Karnataka/wildlife/wildlife
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.