June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 01:20 am IST - KOCH
I
A case of attempted murder has been registered against the driver and a passenger of a car who allegedly ran over the feet of a police sub-inspector (SI) and fled the scene during vehicle inspection on Saturday (June 14). The duo is currently absconding.
The incident occurred on the Kalloorkad–Nagapuzha Road when Sub-Inspector Muhammed E.M. approached the parked car for inspection, as it was found under suspicious circumstances. The driver allegedly reversed the vehicle suddenly, injuring the officer’s leg and shoulder, before escaping.
The SI, who is attached to the Kalloorkad police station, was on patrol duty in Vazhiyanchira at the time. He reportedly suffered a fractured ankle and other injuries.
The accused have been booked for allegedly attempting to murder a police officer and for obstructing a public servant from performing his duty.
Meanwhile, the Kaloorkad police on Sunday evening arrested two youths who hailed from Erattupetta on the charge of aiding the escape of the two car occupants in another car. They are Shahid, 27, and Rafsal, 24.
Published- June 16, 2025 12:46 am IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.