June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 15, 2025 10:38 pm IST - Bengaluru
Ramalinga Reddy. File
                                          | Photo Credit: The Hindu
In response to a recent assault on Bengaluru Metropolitan Transport Corporation (BMTC) bus staff, Karnataka Transport Minister Ramalinga Reddy has written to Home Minister G. Parameshwara urging strict police action against those attacking BMTC employees.
The Minister highlighted a recent incident in Bellandur where a woman passenger allegedly hit a BMTC driver with her slipper after he reportedly failed to stop the bus at her desired location. An FIR has been registered at the Bellandur Police Station in connection with the case.
“This is deeply shocking, especially since such incidents have occurred repeatedly,” Mr. Reddy said in his letter while adding that despite earlier complaints and directions to the Bengaluru Police Commissioner, including a personal briefing by the BMTC Managing Director, such attacks continue unabated.
In his letter, Mr. Reddy stressed that physical assault and verbal abuse of transport staff, particularly drivers and conductors, are on the rise. “Some miscreants have even attempted life-threatening attacks. There was a previous incident where a staff member was attacked with a knife,” he stated.
The Minister reiterated the government’s commitment to protecting the staff of BMTC and other State-run transport corporations such as KSRTC. He added that while disciplinary action is taken against staff members found guilty of misconduct, taking the law into one’s own hands is unacceptable.
He urged the Home Department to take stringent action against the accused in such cases and develop a permanent solution to prevent further incidents. “Such behaviour cannot be tolerated. Legal protection must be ensured for our employees,” he wrote.
Published- June 15, 2025 03:28 pm IST
Karnataka/bengaluru/crime
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.