June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 12:31 am IST - Bengaluru
In a dramatic turn of events, J. J. Nagar Police on Sunday opened fire and nabbed two accused who were on the run after stabbing a 26-year-old man to death hours after he was released on bail from Parappana Agrahara Central Prison on Saturday.
The accused Deepu, 28 and Arun, 27 were allegedly hiding in a forest area in R. R. Nagar, when the police went to nab them. They allegedly assaulted police officials, following which police claimed to have shot in the air as warning and later shot at their legs and arrested them. Both are being treated at a hospital.
The duo had on Saturday late night stabbed Vijay, owner of a footwear store in Kalasipalya, to death. A few months ago, Arun and Vijay had a bitter fight, during which Vijay had stabbed Arun. While Arun survived the attack, Kalasipalya Police arrested Vijay, booking him for attempt to murder. He was released on bail in the case from Parappana Agrahara Central Prison on Saturday.
Hours later Arun, along with his associate Deepu, confronted Vijay in Janata colony in J. J. Nagar and stabbed him multiple times after a heated argument. The profusely bleeding Vijay was rushed to the hospital where he succumbed to his death hours later.
J. J. Nagar Police who took up the investigation into the murder case, tracked down Arun and Deepu, to a forested area in R. R. Nagar where they had been hiding after stabbing Vijay to death hours earlier. The police started a combing operation and made an announcement warning the duo to surrender. However, the duo attacked police personnel in an attempt to flee, following which they were shot at, police claimed.
The duo has been booked for not only murder, but also for assaulting government servants while on duty.
Published- June 16, 2025 12:31 am IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.