June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 15, 2025 09:14 pm IST - Bengaluru
As the fourth largest wind power generator in the world, India currently has an installed wind capacity of 51.5 GW.
                                          | Photo Credit: FILE PHOTO
Karnataka increased its wind power capacity by 1,331.48 megawatts (MW), securing the State first place in the country for its wind power capacity addition in the financial year (FY) 2024 – 25. This was announced during the Global Wind Day 2025 celebrations themed “Pawan-Urja: Powering the Future of India”, held in Bengaluru on Sunday.
The State’s installed wind power capacity is now more than the combined capacity of countries like South Africa, Portugal, and New Zealand, and is comparable to that of Sweden and Australia, claimed the officials of the Energy Department.
Karnataka was followed by Tamil Nadu, which added 1,136.37 MW, and Gujarat, which added 954.76 MW during the FY.
“This is not just a number—it is a reflection of Karnataka’s unwavering commitment to clean energy,” said K.J. George, Energy Minister of Karnataka.
“Karnataka’s total installed wind power capacity now stands at 7,351 MW and is a testament to its consistent leadership in renewable energy. This achievement is symbolic of our ability to execute large-scale projects and provide clean energy to industries, farmers, and households,” the Minister added.
The State is preparing to implement 17 gigawatts (GW) of wind power projects, with over 5 GW planned under the Renewable Energy Cluster Programme. “Infrastructure is being strengthened through the establishment of more than 20 substations, 400 KV corridors, and a Renewable Energy Reserve Zone,” Mr. George said.
Gaurav Gupta, Additional Chief Secretary, Energy Department, emphasised the importance of collaboration between implementing agencies and the local communities for the success of the projects.
“Essentially, we are going to areas where residents have been living for hundreds of years and putting up our solar or wind generation devices there. That is why we need to have a lot of local connections with society to deal with local opposition regarding land or the right of way. Wherever we have seen good advancements, it is because agencies have taken up collaborative exercises with society,” Mr. Gupta said.
As the fourth largest wind power generator in the world, India currently has an installed wind capacity of 51.5 GW. The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) plans to increase this to 100 GW in the next few years.
“The national goal is to reach 500 GW of renewable energy by 2030, including 100 GW from wind power, of which 30 GW will come from offshore sources. Additionally, India exported 3.5 to 4 GW worth of wind turbines and modules in the current financial year,” noted Prahlad Joshi, Union Minister of MNRE.
Speaking about the challenges that lie ahead, Mr. Joshi said, “We must ensure 24x7 power supply and grid stability through integration of wind, solar, and pumped storage systems. Also, prioritise competitive electricity tariffs and focus on domestic manufacturing and exports to build India’s green energy economy.”
‘Ramping Up Local Manufacturing for Wind Turbines in India’, a report which outlines a roadmap for boosting domestic wind turbine manufacturing capabilities was also released by Mr. Joshi during the event. The report notes that India must maintain an annual installation rate of 10 GW over the next five years to achieve its goal of 100 GW installed wind capacity by 2030.
“Several factors supporting this growth trajectory are strong performance in utility-scale auctions, rising demand from commercial and industrial (C&I) consumers, and clear policy momentum toward hybrid and dispatchable renewable power solutions,” the report said.
Published- June 15, 2025 09:14 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.