June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:48 pm IST - Chennai
A ‘Table & Stools’ volunteer listening to a person at Thiruvanmiyur MRTS Park.
                                          | Photo Credit: Special arrangement
Samad Iqbal, one of the pivotal characters in Zadie Smith’s novelWhite Teethsays, “Every moment happens twice: inside and outside, and they are two different histories. Listening is understanding the inside moment.”
“Even when being with a group of friends, some may feel unheard or left out. For those who have stories to share but no ears to listen to, we are here,” said Keerthana K., a volunteer with ‘Table & Stools’, a ‘listening community’ in the city.  “I was once on the other side of the table, telling my story. Inspired by the idea, I joined the group,” she added.
At Thiruvanmiyur MRTS Park, a young girl playing near the Greater Chennai Corporation (GCC)Ival Idamexhibition comes and sits on the stool. She then begins speaking to K. Damodharan, a volunteer of the non-governmental organisation, and tells him so much, from her day in school to her thoughts on Chennai Super Kings. When the girl finally finishes, Mr. Damodharan gives her a murukku in exchange for her stories.
The idea was launched by Jino J. Ampakkadu in Chennai in April 2023, with his friend Rahul Magesh and Mr. Damodharan joining him later. The initiative was expanded to Bengaluru in 2024. Mr. Rahul said they wanted to offer people something in exchange for sharing their stories and money did not feel right. So, they chose to offer amurukkuas a ‘reward’.
“On most Sundays at 7 a.m., along with volunteers, we set up the tables and stools at the Besant Nagar beach. I have heard many stories, from ex-convicts, sanitation workers, and joggers to even government officials. The purpose is to merely listen, not document or blog. That is what fascinated people. They speak with ease when they understand this,” he said. Around 20-30 people sit down on the stool every session, the volunteers said.
However, Mr. Damodharan said not all locations they visit were welcoming. “We have been asked to leave parks by security guards. Some of them are understanding, but we cannot expect such kindness from them at all times. So, we are hoping to work with the Greater Chennai Corporation to improve this initiative, take it to more people, and hold regular sessions,” he added.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:48 pm IST
Chennai
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.