June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 12:35 am IST - Chennai
The Sri Ramachandra Institute of Higher Education and Research (SRIHER) observed World Blood Donor Day. The Department of Transfusion Medicine (Blood Bank) in association with Sri Ramachandra Nursing College, Pharmacy College and Medical College conducted blood donation camp and more than 300 blood units were collected over the week during the blood donation drive. Pledge was taken by the donors to promote awareness about voluntary blood donation to save human lives. The theme for world blood donor day, this year is “Give Blood, Give Hope; Together We Save Lives.”  The importance of blood donation was emphasised by Dr. R. Krishnamoorthy, Professor & Head, Department of Transfusion Medicine (Blood Bank, Sri Ramachandra Medical College & RI, Porur) to the staff and students of SRIHER and prospective donors to create awareness about blood donation.
Published- June 16, 2025 12:34 am IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.