June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 15, 2025 10:53 pm IST - Beijing
Tensions have continued to run high between China and the Philippines over territorial disputes in the South China Sea, a conduit for more than $3 trillion of annual ship-borne commerce. File
                                          | Photo Credit: AP
China’s military held joint sea and air patrols in the South China Sea on Saturday (June 14, 2025), a spokesperson for the People’s Liberation Army’s Southern Theater Command said.
Spokesperson Tian Junli said in a statement on Sunday (June 15, 2025) that the Philippines has courted countries outside the region to organise “joint patrols” and “raised security risks” in the region.
“The theater command forces remain on high alert, resolutely safeguarding China’s national sovereignty and maritime rights,” he said, adding that “all military activities that seek to stir up trouble in the South China Sea or create flashpoints are fully under control.”
The Philippine embassy in Beijing did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. The Philippines and the United States conducted joint maritime drills in the South China Sea for a seventh time earlier this month.
Tensions have continued to run high between China and the Philippines over territorial disputes in the South China Sea, a conduit for more than $3 trillion of annual ship-borne commerce.
China claims almost the entire South China Sea, including parts claimed by Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Vietnam.
In 2016, the Permanent Court of Arbitration in Hague ruled that China’s claims were not supported by international law, a decision that Beijing rejects.
Published- June 15, 2025 10:52 pm IST
World/Philippines/China
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.