June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 11:43 pm IST - New Delhi
“These locomotives are fitted with Distributed Power Wireless Control System, or DPWCS, for synchronised operations and superior freight handling,” a Railways Ministry spokesperson said. Photo: https://www.wabteccorp.com/
India will supply 150 locomotives worth more than ₹3,000 crore to the African country of Guinea, the Ministry of Railways stated on Monday (June 16, 2025).
The Make-in-India locomotives are meant for use at the Simandou iron ore project site in the country, a spokesperson of Indian Railways said. “The Railway Locomotive factory in Marhowrah, Bihar, will supply 150 Evolution Series ES43ACmi locomotives. Thirty-seven locomotives will be exported in the current financial year, while 82 locomotives will be exported in the next financial year. Another 31 locomotives will be exported in the third year,” the spokesperson said.
All these locomotives will have an air-conditioned cab (driver’s compartment). “Each loco will have a single cab, and two locomotives together will carry the load of 100 wagons with maximum permissible speed,” the spokesperson further said.
Three types of tracks, broad gauge, standard gauge and cape gauge, have been laid in Marhowrah Locomotive premises for manufacturing these locomotives. “The project was secured via global competitive bidding,” the spokesperson added.
The 4,500-HP locomotives are equipped with alternating current (AC) propulsion, regenerative braking, microprocessor-based controls, and modular architecture.
“These locomotives are built with best-in-class emission standards, fire-detection systems, and ergonomic crew cabins with modern amenities like a refrigerator, microwave, and waterless toilet system,” the spokesperson said.
They are also fitted with Distributed Power Wireless Control System, or DPWCS, for synchronised operations and superior freight handling.
The Marhowrah Factory of Bihar directly employs 285 people, and a further 1215 people are getting indirect employment, the spokesperson added.
Published- June 16, 2025 11:43 pm IST
exports/Guinea
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.