June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 01:37 am IST - Hyderabad
Vankudothu Saritha, who joined the Telangana State Road Transport Corporation as the first woman driver, on Sunday. 
                                          | Photo Credit: Telangana CMO - X
The Telangana State Road Transport Corporation (TGSRTC) just got its first woman driver. V Saritha, a native of Sithya thanda in Yadadri Bhuvanagiri district, will drive an electric bus along the Hyderabad-Miryalguda route.
Ms.Saritha has worked with a transport corporation in Delhi. Recently, she met Transport Minister Ponnam Prabhakar and expressed her desire to return to her roots and that she be given an opportunity to serve in her home State.
Following her induction, she has been posted at the Miryalguda bus depot, from where she now operates electric buses. Ms. Saritha’s induction is a significant move in a corporation where the majority of the workforce comprises men. Mr. Prabhakar said that her entry would serve as an inspiration to other women aspiring to take up roles in the transport workforce. He congratulated Ms. Saritha and expressed confidence that she would excel in her work
Published- June 16, 2025 01:37 am IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.