June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 10:52 pm IST - Jerusalem
Rescue personnel evacuate a man from an impacted residential building compound following missile attack from Iran on Israel, central Israel June 16, 2025.  
                                          | Photo Credit: Reuters
The U.S. ambassador to Israel Mike Huckabee on Monday (June 16, 2025) said an embassy building in Tel Aviv sustained minor damage from a nearbyIranian missile strike, reporting no injuries to US personnel.
Iran unleashed a barrage of missiles on Israeli cities early Monday, after Israel struck military targets deep inside Iran, with both sides threatening further devastation.
AFPimages showed gutted buildings in the coastal hub of Tel Aviv, after Israel's army warned people to take cover from incoming Iranian missiles.
Some confusion--there were NO INJURIES to US Personnel at US Embassy Branch--the minor damage to property were from the shock waves (i.e. "concussions") from the nearby blast. Not human concussions. Repeat--NO INJURIES thank God!https://t.co/ZdabOn5Yy2
"Some minor damage from concussions of Iranian missile hits near Embassy Branch in @TelAviv but no injuries to US personnel," Huckabee said on X.
He said the U.S. embassy in Jerusalem would remain closed on Monday as orders to "shelter in place (are) still in effect".
After decades of enmity and proxy wars, Israel's assault on Iran last week has touched off the most intense fighting yet and triggered fears of a lengthy conflict that could engulf the entire Middle East.
Israel says its attacks have hit military and nuclear facilities and killed many top commanders and atomic scientists.
But a senior U.S. official said Sunday that U.S. President Donald Trump told Israel to back down from a plan to kill supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei.
Trump has urged the foes to "make a deal", but told reporters Sunday that "sometimes they have to fight it out" first.
Published- June 16, 2025 10:52 pm IST
Iran/Israel
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.