June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 03:18 pm IST
The Israeli Iron Dome air defense system fires to intercept missiles during an Iranian attack over Tel Aviv, Israel, Sunday, June 15, 2025.
                                          | Photo Credit: AP/PTI
Israel and Iran opened a new chapter in their long history of conflictwhen Israel launched amajor attack with airstrikes early Friday(June 13, 2025), setting off explosions in the Iranian capital, Tehran.
Israel said it targeted nuclear and military facilities, killing some of Iran’s top military and nuclear scientists.
Also read: Israel-Iran conflict live updates
The attack comes amid escalating tensions over Iran’s rapidly advancing nuclear programme, which Israel views as a threat to its existence.
This marks the latest escalation since the war in Gaza began in 2023 and heightens fears of an all-out war between the two countries, whose decades-long enmity has played out through clandestine operations by land, sea, air, and cyberattacks.
Here is a timeline of some significant events in the hostilities between the two countries:
Published- June 16, 2025 03:18 pm IST
Iran/Israel/war/unrest, conflicts and  war/USA
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.