June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:56 pm IST
Domestic Workers Rights Union members protest at Freedom Park in Bengaluru on Monday
                                          | Photo Credit:  K. MURALI KUMAR
On International Domestic Workers’ Day, the Domestic Workers’ Rights Union urged the Karnataka government to introduce a law similar to that of the platform-based gig workers’ ordinance for the domestic workers too.
Workers gathered at Freedom Park submitted a memorandum to Meena Patil, Assistant Labour Commissioner, demanding a welfare board, a taskforce with a dedicated helpline, and constitution of tripartite boards to regulate employment, wages, working conditions and social security of domestic workers, among other demands.
“The recent introduction of four new labour codes by the government largely ignores the critical issues of the informal sector, specifically excluding domestic workers, as seen in the Occupational Health and Safety Code,” read a statement from the union.
It pointed out that although in 2013-14, the Government of India developed a National Policy for Domestic Workers, it was never tabled in Parliament.
The memorandum submitted to the labour department called for the ratification of ILO Convention C189 to facilitate the enactment of national legislation. C189 convention is an international treaty that ensures domestic workers have the same rights as other workers. India has not ratified it yet.
“We have not even been given the identity of workers. Many people see us with suspicion and treat us like criminals,” said Geeta Menon, secretary, Stree Jagruti Samiti, addressing the workers.
The memorandum also demanded that the workers be granted constitutional rights to safety, health, and social protection through the establishment of a grievance redressal mechanism and a Domestic Workers Welfare Board comprising domestic workers and their unions.
A comprehensive benefits scheme for domestic workers through tripartite boards, with a sectoral levy or cess of 1%, in addition to 1% of the GST and 3% of the annual Central and State Budgets, is yet another demand. DWRU urged the State government to constitute a committee comprising the union, subject experts and domestic workers to recommend a legal framework for the benefit, protect and regulation of the rights of the workers.
Other demands included smart card facilities and accident insurance coverage for senior domestic workers and stringent action against agencies and employers involved in trafficking and exploitation of workers.
“The placement agency control act needs to be enacted, with the assistance of unions and workers. The guidelines on trafficking, by the High Court of Karnataka in 2015 need to be implemented,” read the memorandum.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:56 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.