June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 08:44 pm IST - Shivamogga
The house where an old woman died following a wall collapse at Adagodi, near Kumsi, in Shivamogga taluk on Sunday night.
                                          | Photo Credit: SPECIAL ARRANGEMENT
Moderate to heavy rains in many parts of the Malnad region affected life on Monday. Two persons have died, vehicular movement has been affected, and inflow into the reservoirs has increased.
A woman, aged around 100, died and three others suffered injuries when a wall of a house collapsed at Adagadi, near Kumsi, in Shivamogga taluk around 2.30 a.m on Monday.
Siddamma, a native of Konkava village in Nyamathi taluk of Davangere district, was on a visit to her relative Hemavathi’s place and she died on the spot; Hemavathi’s daughter Pallavi, son-in-law Parashuram, and grandson Chetan suffered injuries. The Kumsi police have registered a case.
In another incident, Anil Ruzario, 50, died after a tree branch fell on him while he was riding his bike near Elekallu on Chikkamagaluru-Balehonnur Road around 10.30 a.m on Monday.
The Fire and Emergency Services and the police transported him to the government hospital at Balehonnur, but doctors declared him brought dead. He had suffered serious head injury.
Shivamogga recorded an average of 68.6 mm of rainfall as against the normal of 19.8 mm recorded in the last 24 hours, ending at 8.30 a.m. on Monday; Chikkamagaluru recorded 34.4 mm as against the normal of 14.4 mm, and Hassan district recorded an average of 18.1 mm as against the normal of 6 mm.
Rivers are all in spate, increasing the inflow into the reservoirs. All the crest gates of Tunga reservoir at Gajanur were opened to release the excess water. Similarly, the inflow into Linganmakki in Sagar taluk and the Bhadra reservoir at Lakkavalli increased. The area around Jog Falls in Sagar taluk has been receiving heavy rains.
The heavy rains caused landslips on the road connecting Sringeri and S.K Border. Considering the repeated incidents of landslips and dilapidated condition of minor bridges on the stretch, the Chikkamagaluru district administration has prohibited the movement of heavy vehicles on the stretch. Besides, there has been a landslip in Kundagal village of Aramanekoppa Gram Panchayat in Hosanagar taluk, triggering worry among local residents.
Many trees and electricity poles have been uprooted owing to rains. Traffic on the road connecting Chikkamagaluru and the hill stations in the taluk was affected as a huge tree fell on the road on Monday. The local police, forest officials and the staff of the Fire and Emergency Services have been working hard to clear the roads for vehicular movement.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:44 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.