June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 07:23 pm IST - BENGALURU
A seminar focusing on the comprehensive care of individuals with special needs was held on Saturday, June 14, 2025, drawing together experts, caregivers, and advocates.
Organised by Parents Association of Persons with Cerebral Palsy and Associated Disorders (PAPCP), the event addressed critical aspects of psychological, legal, and long-term support.
Key speakers included Shobha Ramesh (Spastic Society of Karnataka), Jayashree Ramesh (ASHA Foundation), Vijay Upendra (Propseva), G. Soundaraja Rajan and M. Rajasekhar (Karnataka Parents Assocition of Citizens with Intellectual and Developmental Disabilitis), and Shivaram Deshpande (Samarthanam Trust).
They led insightful sessions on mental wellness, legal guardianship, and sustainable care models.
The seminar emphasised the importance of emotional support for both individuals with special needs and their caregivers. It also educated families on legal tools such as wills and trusts to ensure long-term security.
Discussions on inclusive residential care and innovative CSR funding models highlighted the need for collaborative, sustainable solutions.
“This seminar is a step toward building a comprehensive ecosystem of care, dignity, and long-term security,” said Rajiv Kembhavi, president of PAPCP.
Published- June 16, 2025 07:23 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.