June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 08:06 pm IST - HYDERABAD
Trade and industry body Federation of Telangana Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FTCCI) will be organising IITEX 2025, the 2nd edition of its biannual industrial innovation and technology expo, in Hyderabad from June 27-29.
The exhibition will feature 110 stalls showcasing innovations in mobility, renewable energy, food processing, smart tech, packaging, cold storage solutions, machine tools, and industrial automation. FTCCI expects over 15,000 footfalls and the exhibition to foster collaborations, tech adoption, and serve as a platform for forging of business opportunities. Entry is free, and the exhibition will be open to visitors from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. for all three days.
IT and Industries Minister D. Sridhar Babu is scheduled to inaugurate the expo. “This year’s edition will be larger, more diverse and impactful,” FTCCI President Suresh Kumar Singhal said.
The Union Ministry of MSME, The Telangana government, NITI Aayog’s Invest India, IT industry body NASSCOM, tech startup incubator T-Hub, NSIC, T-Works, TGREDCO, Atal Incubation Centre, and RICH are supporting the expo, FTCCI said in a release on Monday.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:06 pm IST
Hyderabad/Telangana
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.