June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 11:42 pm IST - Kananaskis (Canada)
U.S. President Donald Trump arrives for the G7 Leaders’ Summit in Kananaskis, Alberta, Canada, on June 16, 2025.
                                          | Photo Credit: Reuters
The Group of Seven summit began in Canada on Monday (June 16, 2025) with world leaders scrambling to contain the escalating conflict between Israel and Iran over Tehran's nuclear programme, with U.S. President Donald Trump reiterating his call for the two nations to start negotiating.
“They should talk, and they should talk immediately,” he told reporters.
British Prime Minister Keir Starmer said all G7 leaders agree they “have to find a way to de-escalate the situation” in the Middle East because the Israel-Iran conflict risks inflaming the “tinderbox” of Gaza and hurting the global economy.
Mr. Starmer said he'd spoken to Trump about the issue, adding "the risk of the conflict escalating is obvious, I think, and the implications, not just for the region but globally, are really immense, so the focus has to be on de-escalation.” 	 German Chancellor Friedrich Merz told reporters on  Monday (June 16, 2025) ahead of the summit beginning in the Canadian Rocky Mountains that Germany is planning to draw up a final communique proposal on the Israel-Iran conflict that will stress that “Iran must under no circumstances be allowed to acquire nuclear weapons-capable material.”
But as Mr. Trump met with Canadian Prime Minister Mark Carney, he also stressed it was a mistake to remove Russia from the organisation in 2014 and doing so had destabilised the world. He also suggested it would be a good idea to add China to the G7.
The U.S. president also seemed to put a greater priority on his planned emphasis on addressing his grievances with other nations' trade policies.
“Our primary focus will be trade,” Mr. Trump said of his talks with Mr. Carney.
This year's G7 summit is full of combustible tensions, and it's unclear how the gathered world leaders can work together to resolve them. Trump already has hit several dozen nations with severe tariffs that risk a global economic slowdown. There is little progress on settling the wars in Ukraine and Gaza, and now a new conflict between Israel and Iran.
Add to all of that the problems of climate change, immigration, drug trafficking, new technologies such as artificial intelligence and China's continued manufacturing superiority and chokehold on key supply chains.
"We're gathering at one of those turning points in history," Mr. Carney said. "The world's more divided and dangerous.” 	 But as the news media was escorted from the opening session, Mr. Carney could be heard as he turned to Trump and referenced how his remarks about the Middle East, Russia and China had already drawn attention to the summit.
“Mr. President, I think you've answered a lot of questions already,” Carney said.
Trump wants to focus on trade, though he may have to balance those issues with the broader need by the G7 countries — which also include France, Italy and Japan — to project a united front to calm down a world increasingly engulfed in chaos.
Asked if he planned to announce any trade agreements at the G7 as he left the White House on Sunday, Mr. Trump said: “We have our trade deals. All we have to do is send a letter, 'This is what you're going to have to pay.' But I think we'll have a few, few new trade deals." 	 Also at stake might be the survival of the G7 itself when the Trump administration has sent mixed signals about whether the president will attend the November Group of 20 summit in South Africa.
The German, U.K., Japanese and Italian governments have each signalled a belief that a friendly relationship with Trump this year can help to keep any public drama at a minimum, after the US president in 2018 opposed a joint communique when the G7 summit was last held in Canada.
Going into the summit, there was no plan for a joint statement this year, a sign that the Trump administration sees no need to build a shared consensus with fellow democracies if it views such a statement as contrary to its goals of new tariffs, more fossil fuel production and a Europe that is less dependent on the US military.
“The Trump administration almost certainly believes that no deal is better than a bad deal,” said Caitlin Welsh, a director at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank who was part of Trump's team for the G7 in Trump's first term.
The White House has stayed decidedly mum about its goals for the G7, which originated as a 1973 finance ministers' meeting to address the oil crisis and evolved into a yearly summit meant to foster personal relationships among world leaders and address global problems.
The G7 briefly expanded to the G8 with Russia as a member, only for Russia to be expelled in 2014 after annexing Crimea and taking a foothold in Ukraine that preceded its aggressive 2022 invasion of that nation.
Mr. Trump will have a series of bilateral meetings during the summit with other world leaders while in Canada. Beyond Mr. Carney, he's also expected to have bilateral meetings or pull-aside conversations with Mr. Starmer, Merz, Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.
Ahead of his meeting with Trump, Zelenskyy said one of the topics for discussion will be a “defence package” that Ukraine is ready to purchase from the US as part of the ongoing war with Russia.
The U.S. president has imposed 25% tariffs on steel, aluminum and autos, all of which have disproportionately hit Japan. Trump is also charging a 10 per cent tax on imports from most countries, though he could raise rates on July 9, after the 90-day negotiating period set by him would expire.
The United Kingdom reached a trade framework with the US that included quotas to protect against some tariffs, but the 10 per cent baseline would remain as the Trump administration is banking on tariff revenues to help cover the cost of its income tax cuts.
Canada and Mexico face separate tariffs of as much as 25 per cent that Trump put into place under the auspices of stopping fentanyl smuggling, through some products are still protected under the 2020 US-Mexico-Canada Agreement signed during Trump's first term.
Merz said of trade talks that “there will be no solution at this summit, but we could perhaps come closer to a solution in small steps.”
The Trump administration has insisted that its broad tariffs will produce trade agreements that box out China, though it's unclear how antagonising trade partners would make them want to strengthen their reliance on the US Carney has been outspoken in saying Canada can no longer look to the US as an enduring friend.
That might leave Trump with the awkward task of wanting to keep his tariffs in place while also trying to convince other countries that they're better off siding with the US than China.
Published- June 16, 2025 11:42 pm IST
G7 summit/USA/Israel/Iran
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.