June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 12:33 am IST - CHENNAI
Tension prevailed in Poonamallee after a police team from Tiruvallur district went in search of KV Kuppam MLA and Puratchi Bharatham party president Poovai Jagan Moorthy on Saturday with regard to the kidnapping of a minor boy in Thiruvalangadu last month.
A senior official of the Tiruvallur district police said a case was lodged by Lakshmi against a group of persons from Theni for kidnapping her 16-year-old son from her house. The persons had come in search of Lakshmi’s elder son Y. Dhanush for marrying a girl from Theni. He was, however, not in the house.
Dhanush, a resident of Kalambakkam village near Tiruvallur district, was working in a private company in Chennai and fell in love with Vijaya Sri (21) and married her last month.
The family of the young woman, who came to know that their daughter had married, went to Dhanush’s house at Kalambakkam in three cars on May 6. On not finding Dhanush at home, they kidnapped his younger brother.  Lakshmi then filed a police complaint. However, the kidnappers brought the boy back to his house.
The Thiruvalankadu police registered a case and arrested five persons from Theni district, namely the girl’s father Vanaraja, Manikandan, Ganesan, Sarathkumar and a retired police official, Maheshwari.
During interrogation, the arrested persons told the police that they kidnapped the boy as per the instructions of Jagan Moorthy, who is in alliance with the AIADMK. A police team from Uthukottai station went to his house in Poonamallee on Saturday morning. A large number of his party cadre gathered at his house in protest. Later, the police found out that he was not at home and had escaped.
Fifteen special teams are carrying out vehicle checks as the police suspect that the MLA was trying to escape to a neighbouring State.
Published- June 16, 2025 12:33 am IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.