June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 07:59 pm IST - CHENNAI
The stone chariot on the premises will be lit up during the evening hours.
                                          | Photo Credit: AKHILA EASWARAN
Valluvar Kottam, one of the city’s landmarks, is ready for inauguration after renovations. The venue is likely to host its first function since the facelift on June 21, and Chief Minister M.K. Stalin is expected to participate in it.
The Public Works Department (PWD) has completed the ₹80-crore project to renovate the city’s iconic monument, which is spread over 5 acres. People who pass by the edifice may get a glimpse of the stone chariot lit up during the evening hours.
Besides structural retrofitting of the monument that was constructed between 1974 and 1976, the PWD has built various facilities to attract visitors to the facility dedicated to Tamil poet and philosopher Thiruvalluvar.
The monument has undergone elaborateStapathiworks to beautify its entrances, and visitors will be treated to a 10-minute ‘light and sound show’ at the stone chariot and a musical fountain at the entrance. The modernised edifice will also have intricate artworks on its columns and facade. Officials said the recreational facilities were being tested before the inauguration.
Some of the new facilities include a cafeteria and a multi-level parking area, which can accommodate 164 vehicles. The ground floor will have an air-conditioned auditorium with a seating capacity of about 1,500 people and another modernised library and research hall, which can accommodate 100 people.
TheKural Manimadamon the first floor, which will have the 1,330Thirukkuralverses on display along with commentary by former Chief Minister M. Karunanidhi and relevant paintings, has also been spruced up.
The terrace leading to the 106-ft chariot has been redesigned with ornamental pillars and a covered pathway. Elevators and ramps have also been installed for better accessibility, officials added.
Published- June 16, 2025 07:59 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.