June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:15 pm IST - BHIMAVARAM
A POCSO court has awarded a life sentence to a man for impregnating a 16-year-old minor girl in the 2020 case reported under Veeravasam police limits in West Godavari district on Monday.
In an official release, West Godavari Superintendent of Police Adnan Nayeem Asmi has said that Kandella Ramesh, 34, has been convicted for criminal intimidation and impregnating the minor girl in the case registered in July 2020.
The police registered a case against Mr. Ramesh based on a complaint filed by the victim’s father. “The court has imposed a one lakh rupee fine and Rs. 80,000 of them will be paid to the victim towards compensation”, said SP Mr. Nayeem Asmi.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:15 pm IST
Andhra Pradesh/sexual assault & rape
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.