June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 10:37 pm IST - NEW DELHI
In this image via @uksdrf on X, NDRF and SDRF personnel at the spot after a helicopter crashed near the Kedarnath shrine, in Rudraprayag district, Uttarakhand, on June 15, 2025.
A day after seven people, including a two-year-old child and the pilot,were killed in a helicopter crash in Kedarnathvalley, the Uttarakhand government decided to resume chopper service for the Char Dham yatra from Tuesday (June 17, 2025).
Sonika, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Uttarakhand Civil Aviation Development Authority (UCADA), announced the resumption of helicopter services on Monday (Jun e 16, 2025) evening.
The official said that helicopter services will only run if the weather conditions will be favourable. Also, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) is going to keep a close watch on all the shuttle services.
The chopper services were suspended on Sunday after the helicopter, ferrying pilgrims to Kedarnath temple crashed near Guptkashi during the early hours on Sunday. Among the dead were the pilot who recently became a father of twins, a couple from Maharashtra who were travelling with their two-year-old girl and an elderly woman from Uttar Pradesh who was accompanied by her grand-daughter.
Meanwhile, concerned over the frequent helicopter accidents in the State, social activists have raised a question over the management of the chopper services.
Anoop Nautiyal, founder of the Social Development for Communities Foundation, an NGO working for awareness on social issues in Uttarakhand, in a letter to DGCA, pointed to how the choppers are plying in the State without any air traffic control (ATC), radars or even any real-time weather updates.
“I am a concerned resident of Uttarakhand who is deeply worried about the alarming frequency of helicopter accidents and crashes in our State. Since we have had 5 heli crashes in the past 6 weeks, why can’t you simply put a complete stop on helicopter operations for this year’s Yatra season? This time should be utilised in preparing the much needed infrastructure for aero safety on the Char Dham Yatra route,” Mr. Nautiyal wrote in the letter.
Terming the Kedarnath route as one of the riskiest air corridors in the country, Mr. Nautiyal said that it is a well-known fact that pilots are flying “blind” in this terrain where the weather can change in the blink of an eye an with no infrastructure and it’s suicidal to allow planes to fly in this landscape.
“I hope you, the authorities concerned, will take a decision that is rooted in safety and security and not on the basis of flimsy assurances and formation of yet more committees in the State,” he added.
Published- June 16, 2025 10:37 pm IST
Uttarakhand/air and space accident
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.