June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 05:32 pm IST - CHENNAI
Food and vegetable wastes are seen dumped inside Broadway bus terminus in Chennai
                                          | Photo Credit: Special Arrangement
Day by day, the Broadway bus terminus in Chennai is turning into a dump yard with vegetable and food wastes strewn all over the terminus causing severe inconvenience to thousands of passengers visiting it.
Being the oldest nerve centre of bus transport system in the city, the terminus, located in the commercial hub of Parry’s corner is in poor civic condition as huge amounts of vegetable wastes are thrown by hundreds of vendors who have encroached the carriageway and the entrance to the bus terminus.
Adding to the woes of the commuters, food wastes are dumped by numerous food stalls present inside the bus terminus and passengers too dump food waste all over the premises despite dust bins being placed in a few corners.
While the conservancy staff remove the garbage daily during a specific time, waste could still be seen strewn all around the place creating health hazards to commuters. During the monsoon, the situation in the bus terminus is even worse as puddles of rainwater mixed with sewage overflows from the public toilet and cause a nauseating smell.
The officials of the Metropolitan Transport corporation (MTC) are not able to take any steps to prevent the vendors from entering and occupying the bus terminus as they point out the space belongs to the Chennai Corporation.
T. Shanmugam,
Choolai
Responding to the complaint, a senior official of the Greater Chennai Corporation said steps would be taken to improve the condition by organising conservancy staff to remove the wastes twice daily instead of once, as being done at present.
There are three huge multistorey buildings located in Iyyappanthangal village panchayat which are letting out the waste or grey water directly into the storm water drain network without properly recycling the wastewater, due to the absence of any Sewage Treatment Plant (STP) inside their premises. A complaint in the regard was also registered with the Environmental Engineer of the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board, However, the official, without making any enquiry, has informed that no waste or grey water was being let out into the open drain network. He states that wastewater was being recycled using a sewage treatment plant and the water was being used for gardening purposes inside the apartment premises.
R. Senthil Kumar,
Iyyappanthangal
(Readers can write to this column at readersmailchennai @thehindu.co.in)
Published- June 16, 2025 05:32 pm IST
civic infrastructure/Chennai
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.