June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 09:45 pm IST - Bengaluru
B-PAC team visiting Israel
                                          | Photo Credit: Special arrangement
Nine students from Karnataka studying in a medical university in Iran have sought help to return to India amid ongoing tensions between Iran and Israel. The students have been pursuing medicine at the Shahid Behshti Medical University near Tehran, the capital of Iran.
According to the Non-Resident Indian (NRI) Forum Karnataka, Nadeem Hussain, one of the nine students, and his parents who reside in Bengaluru, contacted the forum expressing anxiety over the situation and seeking help to return immediately.
A statement from the forum noted that its vice chairperson, Aarti Krishna, has written to the Ministry of External Affairs urging quick intervention to bring back the students.
“We are in constant touch with the officials concerned and staff over the phone, and are personally monitoring the situation and taking action,” the statement read.
Meanwhile, 18 members of the B-PAC team, who went on a study tour to Israel, have been forced to stay back in Tel-Aviv due to the shutdown of airports in Israel.
The team, whose tour was from June 6 to 14, was scheduled to return on the 14th. However, following the missile and drone strikes between both the countries, Israel closed down its airports and moved fleets of their major airlines out of the country.
“Our return has been delayed due to the airports closing down. But we all are taken care of by the Israel Consulate and the Indian Embassy here,” said Matilda D’Souza, Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee member and part of the B-PAC team, speaking toThe Hindufrom Tel Aviv.
According to her, the group includes members of political parties including Congress, BJP, JDS and AAP, apart from a few with no political associations. The group was visiting as part of the B.PAC Civic Leadership Incubator Programme.
“We have been provided with good accommodation and food. Hopefully we will be able to fly out soon,” Ms. D’Souza said.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:44 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.