June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 15, 2025 12:59 pm IST - MYSURU:
Representational image only. File 
                                          | Photo Credit: The Hindu
The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has successfully foiled an attempt to smuggle narcotic substances through Indian Railways by seizing 5.05 kg of ganja onboard Tatanagar-Yesvantpur Express on June 14, 2025.
A statement from Mysuru Division of South Western Railways said a special team conducted a surprise check onboard Train No. 18111 Tatanagar-Yesvantpur Express in the Birur-Kadur section as part of Operation NARCOS.
“During the inspection, one individual identified as Mahendra Das (57), son of Dhanu Ravi Das, a resident of Sona Village, Jamui District, Bihar employed as bedroll staff on the train was found in possession of a bag containing 5.050 kg of Ganja,” said a press statement issued by S. Sreedhar, Senior Law Officer and Public Relations Officer of SWR, Mysuru Division.
The contraband was secured at Kadur station at 4 p.m. on June 14, 2025 and the case was handed over to the Excise Department, which registered a case under various sections of NDPS Act 1985. The seized items include 5.05 kg valued around ₹3.03 lakh and a mobile phone around ₹7,000.
The detection and seizure of the contraband followed efforts by a team comprising assistant sub-inspector B. Ananda, head constable T. Shivananda, constable Mujammil Khan, and assistant sub-inspecto G. Shivamurthy, acting on the instructions of J.R. Sam Prashanth, Senior Divisional Security Commissioner, RPF, Mysuru. Inspector Sandeep L.C., Excise Department, Kadur, completed the legal formalities and formally seized the narcotic substances.
“This successful operation underscores the RPF’s continued vigilance and strong resolve in curbing the menace of drug trafficking through railway networks, thereby safeguarding public safety and upholding the integrity of Indian Railways,” the statement added.
Published- June 15, 2025 12:59 pm IST
Mysore/Karnataka/Bangalore/Mangalore/narcotics & drug trafficking/indian railways/railway
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.