June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 09:09 pm IST - HYDERABAD
Bharat Rashtra Samiti working president K.T. Rama Rao meets other party leaders at party office after being questioned by the Anti Corruption Bureau in connection with the alleged financial irregularities in the Formula-E race deal,  in Hyderabad on Monday (June 16, 2025).
                                          | Photo Credit: NAGARA GOPAL
Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) working president K.T. Rama Rao continued his diatribe against Chief Minister A. Revanth Reddy, stating that he will not be cowed down by cases, and accused the Chief Minister of trying to damage the reputation of the BRS leaders, including former chief minister K Chandrashekhar Rao, by implicating them in false cases or summoning them before the probe panels.
Speaking to the media at the party office after his appearance before the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) on Monday in connection with the alleged financial irregularities in the Formula-E race deal, Mr. Rama Rao alleged CM wants to send him to jail for his sadistic pleasure.
“Since he went to jail in a note-for-vote case, he is attempting to put me in jail,” he alleged, adding that he is ready to spend time in jail if necessary.
Mr. Rama Rao claimed that the ACB officials were acting at the behest of the Chief Minister. “They questioned me for about nine hours, repeating questions in different ways. I gave the same answer that not a single paisa of corruption was involved in the event. It’s an empty case with no merit in the charges,” he claimed, adding that 14 cases had already been registered against him. “I won’t be scared, even if 1,400 cases are booked against me,” he maintained.
Mr. Rama Rao further alleged that Reddy is trying to escape from fulfilling poll promises by diverting public attention with such cases.
Further, KTR urged party cadres to prepare for the local body elections, ignoring the ‘political drama’. He also added that the party was contemplating organising events to commemorate the Kaleshwaram project’s dedication to the nation, which was done on June 21, 2019, by former Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao.  Senior party leaders, including T Harish Rao, Madhusudhana Chary, and Nirajan Reddy, were present.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:29 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.