June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 07:56 pm IST - HYDERABAD
G Kishan Reddy, BJP State president and Union Minister of Coal and Mines and others visit Gandhi Hospital in Secunderabad on Monday.
                                          | Photo Credit: RAMAKRISHNA G
Union Minister G. Kishan Reddy on Monday, June 16 visited State-run Gandhi Hospital, Secunderabad and reviewed infrastructure and services across departments, amid growing concerns over a fresh surge in COVID-19 cases.
During the inspection, the minister interacted with the hospital Superintendent and staff, seeking details about patient amenities, departmental preparedness, and the status of key medical infrastructure. He also visited the oxygen plants installed during the COVID-19 pandemic, which continue to remain operational.
Speaking to the media after the visit, the Union Minister said, “Gandhi Hospital is the largest government healthcare facility in the Secunderabad Parliamentary constituency, which I represent. I visited to assess the facilities available to patients and to ensure that the hospital is equipped to handle increasing patient loads. With COVID-positive cases rising again, hospital staff must remain vigilant, and the public should be reminded to follow safety protocols,” he added.
“There is an urgent requirement to fill the vacant Resident Medical Officer (RMO) posts and to operationalise newly sanctioned departments,” he said.
The minister also highlighted the implementation of the Ayushman Bharat health insurance scheme, under which patients are being issued Aadhaar-linked health cards. “These cards enable beneficiaries to access free treatment not just at Gandhi Hospital, but at other empanelled hospitals as well,” he said.
Published- June 16, 2025 07:56 pm IST
Telangana/hospital and clinic
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.