June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 01:36 am IST - HYDERABAD
Women engaged in maagam work at the FLO facility in Bhongir.
                                          | Photo Credit: Arrangement
FICCI Ladies Organisation (FLO) has established a rural skill centre in Bhongir to bridge the rural-urban skill divide and empower women at the grassroots.
MLA Kumbam Anil Kumar Reddy inaugurated the facility earlier this week in the presence of Yadadri Bhuvanagiri Collector M. Hanumantha Rao and national president of FLO Poonam Sharma.
The objective behind setting up of the centre is to transform lives of rural women by equipping them with employable skills and entrepreneurial capabilities, FLO said in a release on the inaugural function organised on the premises of the Government Junior College in Bhongir town.
Mr.Reddy said Telangana government and Chief Minister A.Revanth Reddy are committed to women empowerment. The $1-trillion economy goal of the State cannot be achieved without women’s empowerment and their participation.
MLA Kumbham Anil Kumar Reddy and FLO leaders and members at the inauguration of the rural skill centre in Bhongir.
                                                            | Photo Credit: 
                                Arrangement
Mr.Rao highlighted the importance of skills and appreciated FLO for offering different courses.
The rural skill centre is designed to offer structured training programmes in tailoring, handloom, basic IT skills and micro-entrepreneurship, in partnership with local experts and industry mentors. The initiative aligns with FLO’s national agenda of promoting entrepreneurship, sustainability and heritage revival through skill development.
FLO aims to train 200 students in each of the disciplines for 45 days and a total of 2,000 women this year at the centre, Ms.Sharma said.
FLO Hyderabad Chapter chairperson Prathibha Kunda said, “This is more than a training centre. It is a launchpad for dignity, self-reliance and economic inclusion of rural women.”
Published- June 16, 2025 01:36 am IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.