June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 02:40 pm IST
As one enters Udavum Karangal’s home “Shanthivanam” in Thiruverkadu, the reception area captures the eye with a display of beautiful handmade bags in different designs, candles of varied sizes and colours, cloth dolls, brooms, soaps and mats.
There is an untold story behind every eye-catching item. It is the story of those who crafted these fancy things. These were made by the residents of the home.
Udavum Karangal is a 40-year-old NGO that runs a government-registered rehabilitation centre at Thiruverkadu for those with mental illness. It was founded by Vidyaakar, trained in social work and psychiatry. Destitute persons loitering on the streets that are mentally ill are rescued, rehabilitated and reunited with the family. Till date 5,800 such persons have been sent back to their homes in 29 states and even to some foreign countries. Those who do not know their addresses are provided accommodation and are under a regular rehabilitation programme.
The programme involves occupational therapy aimed at providing them with an opportunity to showcase their innate skills. They are provided with materials to create products such as designer mats, wire bags and cloth dolls.
Well-wishers visiting the home are impressed with the quality of work. Many buy these products. The donations given by the well-wishers in return for the items they purchase are used for the welfare of the patients by providing them with new clothes, special food and medicines.
Well wishers who like to buy these items in bulk or in retail may contact Ganesh at 95662 44525.
(Mallikarjun A.R. is an employee at Udavum Karangal and a resident of Villivakkam)
Published- June 16, 2025 02:40 pm IST
Chennai Downtown/non government organizations (NGO)
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.