June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:30 pm IST - CHENNAI
Government arts and science colleges reopened on Monday for second and third year students. Some colleges opened for the first year students as well.
At the government college in Perumbakkam, students were eager to start their new academic year. The college caters to around 35,000 students, mainly from modest families in the slum clearance board apartments. The co-education college has a total of 1,340 students in its nine departments. A college faculty said as much as 65% of the students were girls.
Rupika Devi, a B Com CS 3rd year student said she was preparing for company secretaryship and hence chose the programme. She has been learning coding under theNaan Mudhalvantraining programmes offered by the college. K. Saranya, a second year student of BA Tamil said, “I am preparing to take the Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission group 4 exam this year. Next year with better preparation I plan to appear for group 1 and 2 exam.”
M. Jagajeevan travels from Neelakarai to the college. “I change three buses to get to college. I leave home at 7 a.m.,” says the 2nd year BA Tamil student. The first generation learner wants to pursue an MA in Tamil and then complete B Ed to become a teacher.
“College begins at 9.30 a.m. but the locality is not served well by MTC buses. Ever since e-buses were launched students have been struggling to reach college on time,” explained a faculty.  Our students come from Broadway, Tambaram and Guindy. If buses are late then students are delayed. There must be more buses,” he said.
Sri Kanyaka Parameswari Arts and Science College had organised an elaborate programme to welcome the first year students. A faculty at the college said the aim was to help students to break ice and integrate.
The college sprinkled the day with events including dance, karate, singing and games specifically for first year students.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:30 pm IST
higher education/arts and science education
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.