June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 08:52 pm IST - Nellore
Three Town CI G. Dasharatha Rama Rao presents the ganja peddling gang before the media at Santhapeta police station in Nellore on Monday
In separate incidents, Santhapeta (Three-Town) Police Station officials arrested six drug peddlers and seized over 6.5 kg ganja in Nellore during the last three days. On Monday, they nabbed three peddlers at a vacant land near Nellore West Railway Station and seized 3.5 kg of ganja worth ₹70,000 from their possession.
Addressing the media, Three Town Circle Inspector G. Dasharatha Rama Rao said that Bappi Sahu, a native of Khordha in Odisha but residing at Muthukur in SPSR Nellore district, was buying ganja at ₹5,000-6,000 per kg in Odisha and selling to Sk. Mabhasha and Sk. Rafi from Nellore city at ₹20,000 per kg.
The three accused were addicted to bad habits and wanted to earn easy-money by ganja peddling.
Similarly, another three persons were held by the same team on Saturday (June 14) at Two-wheeler Parking area of Nellore West Railway Station and three kg of ganja worth ₹60,000 was seized. The accused were identified as P. Rajesh and P.V. Harish from Nellore and A. James from Chennai.
The accused were purchasing ganja at ₹2,300 per kg in Odisha and selling it at a higher price in the city. The police seized their scooter.
Both the cases were registered under Section 8 (c) read with 20 (b) clause 2 (for illegal joint possession of contraband involving small quantity) of NDPS (Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances) Act, 1985.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:52 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.