June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:29 pm IST - CHENNAI
AIADMK general secretary Edappadi K. Palaniswami on Monday criticised Chief Minister M.K. Stalin for the police’s action against protesting farmers in Thanjavur earlier in the day.
“What model [of government] is this? Is it not fascist model?” Mr Palaniswami wondered  in a post on his social media handle.
Separately, the Amma Makkal Munnetra Kazhagam (AMMK) general secretary T.T.V. Dhinakaran urged Mr Stalin to hold talks with sugarcane farmers, who had attempted to protest against the Chief Minister, and get the issues of the farmers resolved.
Meanwhile, in a statement, the ADMK Workers’ Rights Retrieval Committee coordinator, O. Panneerselvam, deplored the reported move of the government to abandon the proposal of bringing Krishna water through pipelines from Andhra Pradesh and urged the Chief Minister to revive the project.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:29 pm IST
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam/Amma Makkal Munnetra Kazhagam/state politics/Tamil Nadu
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.