June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 08:57 pm IST - Thrissur
Thrissur witnessed torrential rain on Monday. A scene from Chettiyangadi.
                                          | Photo Credit: K.K. NAJEEB
Torrential rain over the last two days has wreaked havoc across low-lying areas of Thrissur district, with severe waterlogging reported especially in the coastal regions. Hundreds of houses have been inundated, crippling normal life.
In Chavakkad, one of the worst-hit regions, floodwaters submerged vast stretches as the Canolly Canal and Mathikayal overflowed. Though sea erosion has not turned extreme, areas such as Munakkakadavu, Velichenna Padi, and Thottappu continue to experience coastal incursion.
The overflow of the Canolly Canal has caused serious flooding in Vanchikkadavu and Thekkancheri, with dozens of houses marooned. In Vanchikkadavu, 19 residents from three heavily-affected houses were evacuated to the Anjangaadi government Shelter, where they are being provided with essential facilities, according to municipal chairperson Sheeja Prashanth.
While there was a brief pause in the rain last night, intense downpours and strong winds resumed after midnight. The wind uprooted trees and damaged power lines in several areas, resulting in prolonged power outages.
Fishing activities have been suspended until further notice, leaving traditional fishermen and allied workers stranded without daily earnings.
Floodwaters left roads broken, posing threat for motorists. The Chetuva road of National Highway 66 has suffered serious damage between South Bypass and Williams Junction, forcing vehicles to reroute through coastal roads. Parts of the NH 66 service road remain submerged or eroded, with blocked stormwater drains causing further flooding.
In many places, hidden potholes beneath waterlogged roads have led to accidents involving two-wheelers and pedestrians.
Meanwhile, in Puthanpeedika, a sudden lightning storm and mini whirlwind around 8.45 p.m. on Sunday night caused widespread destruction near St. Antony’s High School. Roofs with truss work were ripped off and scattered onto nearby roads. The roof of the school’s ladies’ restroom and football nets were also blown away. Uprooted trees blocked roads. Power supply to the area disrupted for many hours.
In Wadakkanchery, a massive tree fell on the Sree Vyasa NSS College road in Parlikkad in the wee hours on Monday, blocking the road for hours. Forest department personnel later removed the tree and restored vehicular movement.
Published- June 16, 2025 08:47 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.