June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 09:30 pm IST - PALAKKAD
Tensions flared between CPI(M) and Congress workers after a Congress mandalam president defected to the CPI(M) at Kottayi, near here, on Monday, sparking a scuffle over control of the Congress office. The clash ensued when former Congress leader Mohan Kumar attempted to seize the office along with his followers.
Mr. Mohan Kumar joined the CPI(M) along with 13 other Congress workers by accepting membership from CPI(M) district secretary E.N. Suresh Babu on Monday. Following the defection, Mr. Mohan Kumar and others opened the Congress office and put up CPI(M) flags.
However, tension erupted as Congress workers tried to prevent the CPI(M) move. the police resorted to a lathicharge to disperse the Congress and CPI(M) workers. One CPI(M) worker was injured in the police action.
Mr. Mohan Kumar had drawn an agreement with the owner of the building that houses the Congress office soon after he quit the party. He reportedly cleared the office rent arrears and made a fresh agreement in his name. He laid claim on the office on the basis of the new agreement.
But Congress workers claimed that the office was functioning for about 100 years, and the lease agreement would usually be in the name of the mandalam president. They insisted that the party office could not be given away when the mandalam president leaves the party.
The police closed the office and left the decision to the Revenue Divisional Officer.
Published- June 16, 2025 09:30 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.