June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 16, 2025 07:52 pm IST - Bengaluru
Image for representation purposes.
                                          | Photo Credit: Special arrangement
The Jayanagar police have registered an assault case against a Rapido bike taxi driver for allegedly slapping a female customer over rash driving in Jayanagar on Friday, June 13.
The victim, a private firm employee, hired the bike and later objected to the rider’s rash and negligent riding. A heated argument ensued between them, following which the accused, later identified as Suhas, allegedly slapped her, sending her tumbling to the ground. Passerby’s witnessed the incident and one of them recorded the video on his mobile phone, which went viral.
The Jayanagar police reached the spot and took stock of the situation, but the victim refused to file a complaint. However, the police registered an Non-Cognizable Report (NCR).
The victim on Monday (June 16, 2025) approached the police and filed a complaint, based on which the police summoned the accused and questioned him. He was booked under under Sections 79 (outraging the modesty of a woman),  352 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace), and 115 (voluntarily causing hurt) of BNS, for further investigation.
In her complaint, she said that the rider was not following traffic rules and was riding in rash and negligent manner. When questioned, he allegedly misbehaved with her, used abusive words and slapped her. “I was not interested in filing a complaint, but after the video went viral, my friends suggested that I go ahead,” she said in her complaint.
Meanwhile, the police said that the accused had alleged in his statement that the complainant was rude and shouted at him, and also hit him with a tiffin box.
In a video released to the media on Monday, Suhas said that he told the woman he took a shortcut to save time. “She didn’t let me speak and spoke very rashly. She also hit me with her tiffin box. I also hit her. In a fit of anger, I told her to go back to her State. I don’t speak fluent English, but I responded to her in English,” Suhas alleged.
Published- June 16, 2025 06:11 pm IST
Karnataka/Bangalore/crime, law and justice
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.