June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 15, 2025 09:49 pm IST - HYDERABAD
The Rajiv Rahadari Property Owners Joint Action Committee (JAC) has called for a one-day bandhof the Rajiv Rahadari main road on July 7, protesting the Telangana government’s decision to widen the road to 200 feet. The announcement was made during a JAC meeting on Saturday.
Addressing the gathering, JAC chairman Telukunta Satish Gupta said that the government’s current plan is unjust and would severely impact property owners along the stretch between Gymkhana and Thumkunta. “We are not against development, but we strongly oppose the proposed 200-feet widening when viable alternatives like a flyover or metro can be accommodated within 100 to 120 feet,” he said.
Published- June 15, 2025 09:49 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.