June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 16, 2025 07:33 pm IST - BENGALURU
Rashtrotthana Vidya Kendra, Banashankari, organised a cylothon and walkathon from Rajarajeshwari Nagar Temple to Rashtrotthana Hospital to promote environmental awareness and sustainable living on Saturday, June 14
Naveen, sub-inspector, flagged off the event. Students, teachers, parents, and staff participated enthusiastically, distributing eco-friendly seed balls and chanting green slogans.
At the hospital, dignitaries including Shaila H.M. and Vasant Kumar Guru were present. Students showcased yoga, music, and a street play on environmental conservation.
Dr. Shaila inspired students to plant and nurture trees, appreciating their commitment.
Published- June 16, 2025 07:33 pm IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.