June 16, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 16, 2025e-Paper
Published- June 17, 2025 12:27 am IST - HYDERABAD
According to the circular, if the construction does not stop immediately after the notice is issued, the premises must be sealed without delay.
                                          | Photo Credit: Representational Photo
Commissioner of the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) R.V.Karnan has issued a watertight protocol for sealing the unauthorised structures identified in the city by GHMC officials.
The standard operating procedure (SOP) issued by the GHMC Commissioner clarifies that only a higher authority than the sealing officer can unseal a property. For instance, if a Deputy Commissioner seals a building, only the Zonal Commissioner can reopen it. Similarly, if a Zonal Commissioner seals a property, only the GHMC Commissioner has the authority to remove the seal.
The SOP, outlined in an official circular, specifies two scenarios under the TG-bPASS Act, 2020, in which properties may be sealed: one, if false information or misrepresentation is used to obtain building permission; and two, if construction is carried out without permission or in deviation of sanctioned plans.
The circular also references the Supreme Court’s December 2024 guidelines on demolishing unauthorised constructions, along with recent Telangana High Court directions mandating the sealing of additional floors if builders proceed with construction despite being served a show-cause notice. It further reinforces the GHMC Commissioner’s authority to seal such premises under the GHMC Act, 1955.
According to the SOP, copies of the show-cause notice must be sent to the District Collector, the Special Task Force chief, the Zonal Commissioner or the designated GHMC nodal officer, and must also be conspicuously pasted on the structure.
If construction does not stop immediately after the notice is issued, the premises must be sealed without delay, the circular adds, outlining the step-by-step sealing protocol.
The owner/occupier should be  given three days after which the sealing process begins. A red coloured ribbon should be tied around the entire construction, with a paper tag carrying the signature of the officer executing the operation, and the ‘Panchoos’ (witnesses present at the location). The office seal with wax should be affixed at every knot where the ribbon ends are tied together.
All entry and exit areas including staircases, elevators, elevator ducts and ramps should be sealed using the same procedure, if possible using plywood boards or any weather resistant boards. In case of lock & key feasibility, the lock should be covered in a cloth with thread, and sealed using office seal with wax, the circular mentioned.
Detailed sealing report should be prepared giving the names of the police and civil personnel participating in the sealing process, to be signed by two ‘Panchoos’. The report should be sent to the Commissioner and displayed on the digital portal.
The whole procedure should be recorded through photography and videography. Electricity department and water board should be notified to disconnect the service connections to the sealed premises. Station House Officer and the Sub-registrar concerned should be intimated about the sealing, and also the municipal standing counsel if the property is in legal dispute.
Published- June 17, 2025 12:27 am IST
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.