June 15, 2025e-Paper
The View From IndiaLooking at World Affairs from the Indian perspective.
Karnataka TodayYour daily dose of news highlights from Karnataka
First Day First ShowNews and reviews from the world of cinema and streaming.
Today's CacheYour download of the top 5 technology stories of the day.
Science For AllThe weekly newsletter from science writers takes the jargon out of science and puts the fun in!
Data PointDecoding the headlines with facts, figures, and numbers
Health MattersRamya Kannan writes to you on getting to good health, and staying there
The Hindu On BooksBooks of the week, reviews, excerpts, new titles and features.
June 15, 2025e-Paper
Updated- June 15, 2025 10:38 pm IST - HYDERABAD
A man and a woman sleeping on the pavement near a temple in Chintalkunta, LB Nagar, were electrocuted to death after a high-tension electricity wire snapped and fell on them in the early hours of Sunday. A street dog, which was also sleeping close to the couple, died in this mishap.
The victims, who are yet to be identified but are believed to be homeless, were sleeping along the Sagar Ring Road when the live wire came down, leading to their immediate death, said an officer from the LB Nagar police.
The LB Nagar police registered a case and shifted the bodies to Osmania General Hospital for a post-mortem examination. Officials from the electricity department inspected the scene and have launched an inquiry into the cause of the accident.
Published- June 15, 2025 10:37 pm IST
Hyderabad/Telangana
Copyright© 2025, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
BACK TO TOP
Terms & conditions|Institutional Subscriber
Comments have to be in English, and in full sentences. They cannot be abusive or personal. Please abide by ourcommunity guidelinesfor posting your comments.
We have migrated to a new commenting platform. If you are already a registered user of The Hindu and logged in, you may continue to engage with our articles. If you do not have an account please register and login to post comments. Users can access their older comments by logging into their accounts on Vuukle.